# technology
### Ruby
We loving working with Ruby and all of the available frameworks available today. Ruby has a whole host of available testing frameworks we can leverage to leave you with a high quality application.
If you're looking to build an application from scratch we strongly encourage you to give Ruby and the Rails framework a long look.
### Scala
Scala is an exciting new language that combines the portability the JVM provides, the highly concurrent execution model functional programming provides, and the old comforts of object oriented development. 
With a powerful framework, Lift, already in the wild Scala can provide your organization with a highly performant and maintainable software solution!
### .net Framework
The .net framework is a favorite of enterprises throughout the metroplex. With our extensive professional experience building, maintaining, and scaling .net applications we have the expertise required
to put your organization in a position to succeed. In addition to building custom .net applications we offer services to help incorporate test driven development and refactoring methodologies into existing
applications. Why would you add tests to an already aging application? Adding tests will allow your software engineering team to begin refactoring existing code which can help expand functionality or tune
for performance without fear!
### Android
droid...
### iOS
We love you Steve.
### Java
Someone write something here who knows something about Java.
### Relational Databases
The relational database is still the corner stone of most enterprise applications, but is also regularly a performance bottle neck. Ensuring you have a well thought out and finely tuned database can play
 a major role in determining the success or failure of a technology initiative. We have the experience necessary to help you design new relation database models and tune existing ones. 
### NoSQL
The NoSQL movement is firmly underway. For highly performant applications that are more forgiving to possible short term data inconsistency NoSQL solutions should be considered. With our exposure to these
types of architectures we can help you determine the right direction for you solution.